Packaged for Debian by Russ Allbery <rra@debian.org>            2007-04-11

It was downloaded from:

  <http://www.eyrie.org/~eagle/software/pam-afs-session/>

Upstream Author:

  Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>

Debian packaging copyright:

  Copyright 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011
      Board of Trustees, Leland Stanford Jr. University

  All files and modifications related to Debian packaging are covered
  under the same license terms as the rest of the package.

The pam-afs-session package as a whole is:

  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University

and covered under the following license:
    
  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
  documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
  supporting documentation, and that the name of Stanford University not
  be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
  software without specific, written prior permission.  Stanford
  University makes no representations about the suitability of this
  software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or
  implied warranty.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

All individual files without an explicit exception below are released
under this license.  Some files may have additional copyright holders as
noted in those files.

Some files in this distribution are individually released under different
licenses, all of which are compatible with the above general package
license but which may require preservation of additional notices.  All
required notices are preserved in this file.

Collected copyright notices for the entire package:

  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University
  Copyright 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>
  Copyright 2007, 2008 Markus Moeller
  Copyright 1985-2005 Massachusetts Institute of Technology
  Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
      2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
      Free Software Foundation, Inc.
  Copyright 1994 X Consortium

The files pam-util/vector.c, pam-util/vector.h, portable/asprintf.c,
portable/dummy.c, portable/issetuidgid.c, portable/k_haspag.c,
portable/krb5-extra.c, portable/krb5.h, portable/macros.h, portable/pam.h,
portable/pam_syslog.c, portable/pam_vsyslog.c, portable/stdbool.h,
portable/strlcat.c, portable/strlcpy.c, portable/strndup.c,
portable/system.h, tests/pam-util/vector-t.c, tests/portable/asprintf-t.c,
tests/portable/strlcat-t.c, tests/portable/strlcpy-t.c, and
tests/portable/strndup-t.c are covered by the following statement:

    The authors hereby relinquish any claim to any copyright that they may
    have in this work, whether granted under contract or by operation of
    law or international treaty, and hereby commit to the public, at
    large, that they shall not, at any time in the future, seek to enforce
    any copyright in this work against any person or entity, or prevent
    any person or entity from copying, publishing, distributing or
    creating derivative works of this work.

In other words, you can do anything you wish with this code, although I
would strongly prefer that any improvements or modifications be sent to me
(rra@stanford.edu) so that I can continue to maintain a canonical version.

The files configure.ac, m4/kafs.m4, m4/krb5.m4, m4/ld-version.m4
m4/lib-depends.m4, m4/lib-pathname.m4, m4/pam-const.m4, and m4/snprintf.m4
are released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University
  Copyright 2007, 2008 Markus Moeller
  Copyright (C) 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  This file is free software; the authors give unlimited permission to
  copy and/or distribute it, with or without modifications, as long as
  this notice is preserved.

portable/krb5-profile.c is taken from the MIT Kerberos distribution and is
covered by the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1985-2005 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

  All rights reserved.

  Export of this software from the United States of America may require
  a specific license from the United States Government.  It is the
  responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to
  obtain such a license before exporting.

  WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and
  distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and
  without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
  notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
  this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
  the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
  to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
  permission.  Furthermore if you modify this software you must label
  your software as modified software and not distribute it in such a
  fashion that it might be confused with the original MIT software.
  M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of this software
  for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied
  warranty.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

  Individual source code files are copyright MIT, Cygnus Support,
  OpenVision, Oracle, Sun Soft, FundsXpress, and others.

  Project Athena, Athena, Athena MUSE, Discuss, Hesiod, Kerberos, Moira,
  and Zephyr are trademarks of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
  (MIT).  No commercial use of these trademarks may be made without
  prior written permission of MIT.

  "Commercial use" means use of a name in a product or other for-profit
  manner.  It does NOT prevent a commercial firm from referring to the
  MIT trademarks in order to convey information (although in doing so,
  recognition of their trademark status should be given).

The files Makefile.in and aclocal.m4 are generated by GNU Automake and
released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
  2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation,
  Inc.  This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives
  unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without
  modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without
  even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
  PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

The files m4/libtool.m4, m4/ltoptions.m4, m4/ltsugar.m4, m4/ltversion.m4,
and m4/lt~obsolete.m4 are from GNU Libtool and are released under the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,
  2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives unlimited
  permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without modifications,
  as long as this notice is preserved.

The file configure is generated by GNU Autoconf and is covered by the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
  2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software
  Foundation, Inc.  This configure script is free software; the Free
  Software Foundation gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and
  modify it.

The files build-aux/depcomp and build-aux/missing are taken from GNU
Automake.  The files build-aux/config.guess and build-aux/config.sub are
taken from the Debian autotools-dev package.  All of these files are
released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2002,
  2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation,
  Inc.

  This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
  Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
  option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.

  As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you
  distribute this file as part of a program that contains a configuration
  script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under the same
  distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.

For the pam-afs-session distribution, the option described in the last
paragraph has been accepted and these files are distributed under the same
terms as the pam-afs-session package as a whole, as described at the top
of this file.  You can find the GPL version 2 in
/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-2 on Debian systems.

The file build-aux/ltmain.sh is taken from GNU Libtool and is released
under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,
  2006, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.

  As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,
  if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that
  is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the
  same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.

  GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.

For the pam-afs-session distribution, the option described in the
second-to-last paragraph has been accepted and this file is distributed
under the same terms as the pam-afs-session package as a whole, as
described at the top of this file.  You can find the GPL version 2 in
/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-2 on Debian systems.

The file build-aux/install-sh is covered by the following copyright and
license:

  Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium.

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
  copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
  in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
  OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
  ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
  not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
  other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
  from the X Consortium.

  FSF changes to this file are in the public domain.
